Add ERC: Soulbound Degradable Governance (#674)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-TBA.md

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
eip: 7787
```
Assigning next sequential EIP/ERC/RIP number.

Please also update the filename.

title: Soulbound Degradable Governance
description:

>   A governance standard for DAOs where voting power is non-transferable and decays over time without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  DAO governance where voting power is non-transferable and decays over time without
```
Standard is superfluous in the description of an ERC.

  active contributions.
author: Guilherme Neves (@0xneves) Rafael Castaneda (@castacrypto)

> discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/soulbounded-degradable-governance-sdg-a-new-approach-to-dao-power-structures/21326

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discussions-to: https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/erc-7787-soulbound-degradable-governance/21326
```
I updated the Eth Magicians title to add in the ERC number and match the title of the ERC
